I Like The giving Tree Wellness center in Mesa. Everytime I have gone in they treat me nicely. It is quiet and comfortable inside. The atmosphere is calm and the staff are friendly.  The meds are okay. I have gone in a few times and came out with some really great stuff. Once in awhile they have some good deals. I come here when I can.\nI nkow they offer other services besides medication, like massage and I think getting your MMJ card. I like this place, I just wish it was closer. This 25 mile rule sucks. This place is the closest to me and it's about 10 miles away. Not too bad, but my car is bust up.lol"
Yelp: 5 Semantic: 2
Very close to home.  Very friendly check in process. Helpful and mindful of your needs.  Offered 30 minute massage coupon as well.  Will return!"
Yelp: 5 Semantic: 4
This place is nice and clean. They have great people and it feels secure. That being said, the price is gross. Yes they have quality, but so do a lot of other places. This is by far the closest dispensary to me, but a half is 30-40 bucks more than some of my favorite spots. I can drive to the west valley and back and have spent less on gas and bud than I would on just bud at this place."
Yelp: 3 Semantic: 2
My experience yesterday makes me not want to go back. They were out of stock of everything including pre-rolls, with the exception of 2 \"top shelf\" strains. one of which was quarters only. You know why you don't sell many quarters? because you ask too much. Offer deals! When you have nothing cheap, offer a special. I'm not a recreational patient, I have migraines, I have back pain, and I do not have a lot of funds. Yes, you have specials that include free pre-rolls. I don't care how great you think your pre-rolls are. Shake is shake. I come to you for full flower, not shake. Happy hour can be 10% off or something. Why are you out of pre-rolls and have nothing but over-priced \"top shelf\" left? Hmmm... Other places are the other way around. They run out of top shelf and have pre-rolls as a \"sorry, here you go, please come back.\" I can think of 5 places off the top of my head that offer halves at 180-200 top shelf that stack up above in quality to your 220 top shelf half. I will NOT be returning and will urge others not to until you reorganize your pricing structure, and be a little more caring to the fact I had to leave with nothing."
Yelp: 1 Semantic: 2
