This is the only SPX Pilates in Las Vegas. Let me tell you , it was worth the wait. This place is awesome and the teachers and owners are very nice. \n\nThe gym area itself is very clean and spacious. I love that you are not hitting your neighbor with your legs. They offer 2 different kinds of Pilates classes- Extreme Pilates and Bounce Pilates. Both classes will rock your world. You will be in pain but feel so good. =)\n\nThey are also going to start offering Boot Camp and I am sure that will be great. They are offering Grand Opening Specials right now that are really good. It is a really easy system to schedule your classes. Everything is done online. \n\nI would definitely recommend checking out this place if you are looking for a really good workout."
Yelp: 5 Semantic: 3
If you want to get schooled about extreme Pilates this is the place to go. Don't get me wrong, I get the benefits of Classical Pilates--but frankly (YAWN) I feel like I have to work out afterward. Not to mention the price tag. What I love about this place: Low impact, full body resistance training that's fun and over in 45 minutes.  The bounce classes are fantastic! Crazy cardio intervals on mini trampolines and then back to the beds (Proformers). You will feel muscles you didn't know you had and I felt stronger pretty quickly. The instructors are very attentive and welcoming. And as my form  improves I get more out of it. It's even right there next to Albertson's so you can get your healthy grocery shop on afterwards! Win, win. Run, don't walk to this place an try a class. You will be hooked."
Yelp: 5 Semantic: 4
PILATES ON CRACK!!!! \n\nI purchased a Groupon for the studio and after my first class I fell in  love. The location is convenient plus they offer 6 am classes which other studios don't. Since my groupon expired,I purchased the unlimited package, introductory month was $179 and $199 there after. So worth it! \n\nThe studio is very clean and the staff is BEYOND nice. Everyone knows you by name and I love that. It is a great fun full body workout in 45 minutes!! I definitely recommend it to everyone, great place."
Yelp: 5 Semantic: 3
